---
layout: post-en
published: true
title: 'Calls: The 7th Biomedical Linked Annotation Hackathon (BLAH7) Online
'
tags:
- events
- registration
- public_relations
category: en
---
## The 7th Biomedical Linked Annotation Hackathon (BLAH7) will be held as an Online event.
[https://blah7.linkedannotation.org](https://blah7.linkedannotation.org)

### Overview
BLAH is a series of hackathon events which is annually organized to promote an open collaboration for making a breakthrough in sharing and linking resources for biomedical literature annotation and mining, and thus for improving interoperability among those resources. Here, interested resources include corpora, annotation datasets, databases, software tools, web services, terminologies, ontologies, graphics, movies, and so on. We hope they are all to be linked to each other in an interoperable way, which we believe will substantially improve the productivity and impact of the community.

### Date
* Jan 18th (Mon) - 22nd (Fri), 2021

### Call for hackathon projects  and participation
BLAH7 (the 7th BLAH) is organized with a special theme "Covid-19", with a goal to find an answer to the question, “How far natural language processing (NLP) technology can help fight Covid-19, if forces are joined?”.
We invite participation of researchers or practitioners who are interested in contributing with their literature annotation resources, or expertise. For the hackathon, there will be participants who will initiate projects, and those who will join projects initiated by someone else, which are all welcome, as a hackathon is all about facilitation of collaboration. We invite projects which can be accomplished during the hackathon. 
While we are not going to restrict the type of contribution strictly, in case you are not sure whether your contribution will be relevant to Covid-19, you are encouraged to think about if there is at least an indirect potential connection between your resources and helping fight Covid-19.
  
* Registration of projects due: Dec <del>4th (Fri)</del>20th(Sun), 2020 ==extended== (Notification: Dec 29th (Tue), 2020)
* Registration of participation deadline: Jan 8th (Fri), 2021

Please take a look at the homepage of BLAH7 for more details:
[https://blah7.linkedannotation.org/calls](https://blah7.linkedannotation.org/calls)

If you have any questions, please contact us at blah7-oc@linkedannotation.org.
