---
layout: post-en
published: true
title: 'Call for Proposals: The 8th Biomedical Linked Annotation Hackathon (BLAH8)
'
tags:
- events
- registration
- public_relations
category: en
---
## The 8th Biomedical Linked Annotation Hackathon (BLAH8)
[https://blah8.linkedannotation.org/](https://blah8.linkedannotation.org/) 

### Date
* Symposium: Jan 15th (Mon), 2024
* Hackathon: Jan 16th (Tue) - 19th (Fri), 2024

### Venue
Kashiwanoha Campus Station Satellite, University of Tokyo<br />
178-4-4 Wakashiba, Kashiwa, Chiba 277-0871, Japan

### OVERVIEW
BLAH (Biomedical Linked Annotation Hackathon) represents a series of annual hackathon events, specifically designed to foster open collaboration. The goal is to achieve a breakthrough in the sharing and linking of various resources for biomedical literature annotation and mining. By enhancing the interoperability of these resources, the initiative aims to substantially increase both the productivity and the impact within the community.<br />
Within the scope of BLAH, the term "resources" encompasses a wide range of elements including corpora, annotation datasets, databases, language models, software tools, web services, terminologies, ontologies, graphical representations, movies, and more. The aspiration of BLAH is to create connections between all these resources, allowing them to interoperate seamlessly. We believe this integration will foster a more cohesive and effective environment for all stakeholders.<br />
Unfortunately, the pandemic led to a temporary halt in the organization of BLAH events. However, with the world gradually reopening, BLAH is excited to announce its return with the 8th edition (BLAH8). In recognition of the era of Large Language Models (LLMs), BLAH8 will center around a special theme: "Biomedical Annotations in the Age of LLMs." This theme represents a contemporary focus for the community and signals a commitment to staying at the forefront of technological advancements in the biomedical field. Through BLAH8, we aspire to explore the potential synergy between LLMs and literature annotations, diving deep into various facets of biomedical applications.<br />


### Call for hackathon projects and Registration
We invite submission of project proposals from those who are interested in contributing biomedical literature annotation with their literature annotation resources, and expertise, particularly this year with a connection to LLMs. We invite projects which can be accomplished during the hackathon. 
* Submission due: Oct 20th (Fri), 2023
* Registration Deadline for Participation : Dec 1st (Fri), 2023

<br />

For more details, please take a look at the BLAH8 Calls page
[https://blah8.linkedannotation.org/calls](https://blah8.linkedannotation.org/calls)
 
If you have any questions, please contact us at blah8-oc@linkedannotation.org.
