---
layout: post-en
published: true
title: 'Call for participation: The 9th Biomedical Linked Annotation Hackathon (BLAH9)
'
tags:
- events
- registration
- public_relations
category: en
---
## The 9th Biomedical Linked Annotation Hackathon (BLAH9)
[https://blah9.linkedannotation.org/](https://blah9.linkedannotation.org/) 

### Date
* Grouping, Hackathon: Jan 13th (Mon), 2025
* Symposium: Jan 14th (Tue), 2025
* Hackathon: Jan 15th (Wed) - 17th (Fri), 2025

### Venue
Joint Support-Center for Data Science Research (ROIS-DS)<br />
10-3 Midori-cho, Tachikawa, Tokyo 190-0014, Japan [Access](https://ds.rois.ac.jp/en_accesslink/en_ds/)

### Overview
BLAH (Biomedical Linked Annotation Hackathon) represents a series of annual hackathon events, specifically designed to foster open collaboration. The goal is to achieve a breakthrough in the sharing and linking of various resources for biomedical literature annotation and mining. By enhancing the interoperability of these resources, the initiative aims to substantially increase both the productivity and the impact within the community.<br />
Within the scope of BLAH, the term "resources" encompasses a wide range of elements including corpora, annotation datasets, databases, language models, software tools, web services, terminologies, ontologies, graphical representations, movies, and more. The aspiration of BLAH is to create connections between all these resources, allowing them to interoperate seamlessly. We believe this integration will foster a more cohesive and effective environment for all stakeholders.<br />
The 9th edition of BLAH (BLAH9) will be held under the special theme "Ensuring Robustness in LLM-based Research: Reproducibility, Interoperability, and Reliable Evaluation." Reproducibility and reliable evaluation are key to ensure that research remains robust and trustworthy. However, with the recent surge in research using large language models (LLMs), these important principles have become largely unclear. Interoperability, a vital component for fostering robust collaboration and promoting open science, has similarly faced challenges as LLM-based research expands. Now, two years into the surge of LLM-based research, it is an opportune moment to reassess and prioritize these critical aspects of research and development to ensure long-term sustainability and rigor in the field.<br />


### Registration
The call for projects is now closed, but you can still register to participate only without a project proposal. In that case, you will be asked to choose a project to participate from among the projects proposed at the start of the hackathon.
* Registration Deadline for Participation : Nov 29th (Fri), 2024

 
If you have any questions, please contact us at blah8-oc@linkedannotation.org.
